I slept and I dreamed that life is all joy, I woke and I saw that life is all service. I served and I saw that service is joy. 
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and in reach of every hand. 
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love. 
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. 
Intense love does not measure; it just gives. 
Smile at each other, smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your children, smile at each other -- it doesn't matter who it is -- and that will help you to grow up in greater love for each other. 
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread. 
We are all pencils in the hand of God. 
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. 
We cannot all do great things, but we can do small things with great love. 
Spread love everywhere you go: First of all in your own house... let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness; kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile, kindness in your warm greeting. 
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. 
Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile. Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family. 
We can do no great things; only small things with great love. 
The most terrible poverty is loneliness and the feeling of being unloved. 
I believe in person to person. Every person is Christ for me, and since there is only one Jesus, that person is the one person in the world at that moment. 
Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. 
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. It doesn't matter who it is, and that will help you to grow up in greater love for each other. 
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. 
It is easy to love the people far away. It is not always easy to love those close to us. It is easier to give a cup of rice to relieve hunger than to relieve the loneliness and pain of someone unloved in our own home. Bring love into your home for this is where our love for each other must start. 
We sometimes feel that what we do is just a drop in the ocean, but the ocean would be less because of that missing drop. 
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. 
To keep a lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it. 
There should be less talk. A preaching point is not a meeting point. 
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread. 
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible. 
The trouble is that rich people, well-to-do people, very often don't really know who the poor are; and that is why we can forgive them, for knowledge can only lead to love, and love to service. And so, if they are not touched by them, it's because they do not know them. 
The most terrible poverty is loneliness and the feeling of being unloved. 
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. 
Love has a hem to her garment that reaches the very dust. It sweeps the streets and lanes, and because it can, it must. 
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop. 
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. The rest will be given. 
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. 
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving. 
In the name of the hungry, of the naked, of the crippled, of the homeless, of the blind, in their name, I accept the award. 
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies. 
If we want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it. 
I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness. 
